data service: remove BATCH DELETE and support array and enum (#15033)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-endpoint.md

    To define a parameter, you can insert it as a variable placeholder like `${ID}` in the SQL statement. For example, `SELECT * FROM table_name WHERE id = ${ID}`. Then, you can click the **Params** tab on the right pane to change the parameter definition and test values. For more information, see [Parameters](#configure-parameters).

    When defining an array parameter, the parameter is automatically converted to multiple comma-separated values in the SQL statement. To make sure that the SQL statement is valid, you need to add parentheses (`()`) around the parameter in some SQL statements (such as `IN`).

> 

Reviewer: 这里能否给一个SQL示例，比如：`SELECT * FROM table_name WHERE id IN (${IDS})`

Author: https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/15033/commits/c3fae7560240a525a470a0623b7f6859032028ae

- The parameter name: the name can only include letters, digits, and underscores (`_`) and must start with a letter or an underscore (`_`). **DO NOT** use `page` and `page_size` as parameter names, which are reserved for pagination of request results.
- **Required**: specifies whether the parameter is required in the request. The default configuration is set to not required.
- **Type**: specifies the data type of the parameter. Supported values are `STRING`, `NUMBER`, `INTEGER`, `BOOLEAN`, and `ARRAY`. When using a `STRING` type parameter, you do not need to add quotation marks (`'` or `"`). For example, `foo` is valid for the `STRING` type and is processed as `"foo"`, whereas `"foo"` is processed as `"\"foo\""`.

> - **Enum**: specifies the valid values for the parameter. For multiple values, separate them with a comma (`,`). This option is available only when the parameter type is `STRING`, `INTEGER`, or `NUMBER`. For example, if you set the parameter type to `STRING` and specify `foo, bar` as the enum values, the parameter value can only be `foo` or `bar`.

Reviewer: 可以再增加如下描述：enum是可选参数，内容为空时不做限制

- The parameter name: the name can only include letters, digits, and underscores (`_`) and must start with a letter or an underscore (`_`). **DO NOT** use `page` and `page_size` as parameter names, which are reserved for pagination of request results.
- **Required**: specifies whether the parameter is required in the request. The default configuration is set to not required.
- **Type**: specifies the data type of the parameter. Supported values are `STRING`, `NUMBER`, `INTEGER`, `BOOLEAN`, and `ARRAY`. When using a `STRING` type parameter, you do not need to add quotation marks (`'` or `"`). For example, `foo` is valid for the `STRING` type and is processed as `"foo"`, whereas `"foo"` is processed as `"\"foo\""`.
- **Enum**: (optional) specifies the valid values for the parameter and is available only when the parameter type is `STRING`, `INTEGER`, or `NUMBER`.

>     - If you leave the enum values empty, the parameter can be any value of the specified type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If you leave this field empty, the parameter can be any value of the specified type.
```

>     - To specify multiple values, you can separate them with a comma (`,`). For example, if you set the parameter type to `STRING` and specify `foo, bar` as the enum values, the parameter value can only be `foo` or `bar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - To specify multiple valid values, you can separate them with a comma (`,`). For example, if you set the parameter type to `STRING` and specify this field as `foo, bar`, the parameter value can only be `foo` or `bar`.
```
